Update source-map.md to work with latest tools from Backtrace (#2372)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/platform-integrations/source-map.md

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The following steps guide you through configuring your JS application to automatically upload sourcemap files during the project build.

## What You'll Need

- A Backtrace account ([log in](https://backtrace.io/login) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://backtrace.io/sign-up)).
- Your subdomain name (used to connect to your Backtrace instance). For example, `https://example-subdomain.sp.backtrace.io`.
- A Backtrace project, an error submission token and a symbol submission token.

:::tip Generating Tokens

> ## Generating an Error Submission Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating an Error Submission Token

```

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The following steps guide you through configuring your JS application to automatically upload sourcemap files during the project build.

## What You'll Need

- A Backtrace account ([log in](https://backtrace.io/login) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://backtrace.io/sign-up)).
- Your subdomain name (used to connect to your Backtrace instance). For example, `https://example-subdomain.sp.backtrace.io`.
- A Backtrace project, an error submission token and a symbol submission token.

:::tip Generating Tokens
## Generating an Error Submission Token

1. In the Backtrace Console, go to **Project settings > Error submission > Submission tokens**.
1. Select **+**.

## Generating a Symbol Submission Token

1. In the Backtrace Console, go to **Project settings > Symbols > Access tokens**.
1. Select **+**.

> 

Reviewer 2: @perf2711 - Can we direct the user to Settings/Project/API Tokens? The UI team plans to deprecate the dedicated pages for Symbol and Submission tokens.

Author: Resolved with your PR.

:::

## Obtaining Symbol Submission URL

If you're using a hosted instance of Backtrace, you most likely need only to pass the subdomain name. You can resolve your subdomain name from your instance address.

For example, if your instance address is `https://example.sp.backtrace.io`, your subdomain will be `example`.

If, for some reason, you cannot upload sourcemaps using this way, or you're using an on-premise installation, retrieve the whole URL using the following steps.

### Hosted Instance

If your instance is hosted on backtrace.io, you can create the URL using `https://submit.backtrace.io/<your_subdomain>/<submission_token>/sourcemap`.

For example, for subdomain `https://example.sp.backtrace.io` and token `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be `https://submit.backtrace.io/example/bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7/sourcemap`.

### On-premise

> If your instance is hosted on-premise, you can create the URL using `<your address>:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=<submission token>`.

Reviewer 2: This detail is not exclusively pertinent to source maps. The user will have already has to resolve their universe name in the initial integration, prior to generating source maps. Showing this detail here detracts, I think, from the main task.

Options:
* Move this detail, which is really useful, to a separate doc that we can reference from multiple locations
* Keep it here in this doc, but remove it from the main flow of generating source maps

> If your instance is hosted on-premise, you can create the URL using `<your address>:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=<submission token>`.

Reviewer 2: All correct, and very important, but takes up a lot of space. Suggestions:
* Create tabs for Hosted and On-premise
* Fold the preamble into the Hosted tab

For example, for the address `https://backtrace.example.com` and token `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be `https://backtrace.example.com:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`.

## General Development

### Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application

> This step is development tool specific.

Reviewer 2: @LoryApiFortress - Can Typescript and UglifyJS (below) show on tabs, and we do not need to explicitly say "This step is development tool specific"?

Reviewer: @rick-bt yes, it can be done. I'll do it on Monday.

Reviewer: @rick-bt Added tabs everywhere you asked to

```bash
> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/javascript-cli
```

2. Add the following scripts to your `package.json` file:

```json
"scripts": {
  "backtrace:process": "backtrace-js process OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "backtrace:upload": "backtrace-js upload OUTPUT_DIRECTORY UPLOAD_OPTIONS"
}
```

You can also use `npx` and skip adding the dependency:

```json
"scripts": {
  "backtrace:process": "npx --package @backtrace/javascript-cli backtrace-js process OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "backtrace:upload": "npx --package @backtrace/javascript-cli backtrace-js upload OUTPUT_DIRECTORY UPLOAD_OPTIONS"
}
```

Ensure to replace `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` with the path to the directory where your transpiled scripts are stored.

Replace `UPLOAD_OPTIONS` with either `--subdomain <your subdomain> --token <your token>` or `--url <your upload URL>`, obtained from [the symbol submission URL](#obtaining-symbol-submission-url).

#### Configuration File
Instead of providing options in script argument lines, you can configure them in the `.backtraceclirc` configuration file:

```jsonc
{
  "path": "OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "upload": {
    "subdomain": "your subdomain",
    "token": "your token",

>     // or

Reviewer 2: Can we remove this option, and only present the submit url? Less choices == more better.

Author: Resolved with your PR.

    "url": "your upload URL"
  }
}
```

For more details consult `@backtrace/javascript-cli` README.

### Step 3: Set Up Automatic Processing and Upload

To process and upload your artifacts, you must first run `npm run backtrace:process` and then `npm run backtrace:upload`.

To ensure that this is done automatically, you can add these commands to your production script:
```json
"scripts": {
  "build": "my current build command && npm run backtrace:process && npm run backtrace:upload"
}
```

> ## Webpack

Reviewer 2: Webpack, Rollup and Vite are mutually exclusive. Can we create a "Project Bundler Instructions" section, and have these tabbed within?

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The following steps guide you through configuring your JavaScript application to automatically upload sourcemap files during the project build.

## What You'll Need

- A Backtrace account ([log in](https://backtrace.io/login) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://backtrace.io/sign-up)).

> - Symbol submission token and URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Symbol submission token and URL](/error-reporting/project-setup/submission-url)
```

> ### Acquire a Symbol Submission Token and URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Acquiring a Symbol Submission Token and URL
```

> :::tip Generate an Error Submission Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Generating Tokens
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating an Error Submission Token
```

1. In the Backtrace Console, go to **Project settings > Error submission > Submission tokens**.
1. Select **+**.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Step 1. Acquire a Symbol Submission Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1: Acquire a Symbol Submission Token
```

> :::tip Generate a Symbol Submission Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating a Symbol Submission Token
```

> #### Step 2. Construct the Symbol Submission URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: Construct the Symbol Submission URL
```

1. In the Backtrace Console, go to **Project settings > Symbols > Access tokens**.
1. Select **+**.

:::

> ## Obtain symbol submission URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Obtaining Symbol Submission URL

```

> If you're using a hosted instance of Backtrace, most likely you need to only pass the subdomain name. You can resolve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a hosted instance of Backtrace, you most likely need only to pass the subdomain name. You can resolve your subdomain name from your instance address.
```

> your subdomain name from your instance address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, if your instance address is `https://example.sp.backtrace.io`, your subdomain will be `example`.

> If for some reason you cannot upload sourcemaps using this way, or you're using an on premise installation, retrieve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, for some reason, you cannot upload sourcemaps using this way, or you're using an on-premise installation, retrieve the whole URL using the following steps.
```

> ## Create and Upload Source Maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating and Uploading Source Maps
```

> whole URL using the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Step 1. Enable Source Maps for Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application
```

> ### Hosted instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Hosted Instance
```

> If your instance is hosted on backtrace.io, you can create the URL using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your instance is hosted on backtrace.io, you can create the URL using `https://submit.backtrace.io/<your_subdomain>/<submission_token>/sourcemap`.
```

> `https://submit.backtrace.io/<your subdomain>/<submission token>/sourcemap`. If your instance is hosted on backtrace.io,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> you can create the URL using `https://submit.backtrace.io/<your subdomain>/<submission token>/sourcemap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, for subdomain https://example.sp.backtrace.io, and token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for subdomain `https://example.sp.backtrace.io` and token `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be `https://submit.backtrace.io/example/bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7/sourcemap`.
```

> `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `https://submit.backtrace.io/example/bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7/sourcemap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### On premise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On-premise
```

> If your instance is hosted on premise, you can create the URL using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your instance is hosted on-premise, you can create the URL using `<your address>:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=<submission token>`.
```

> `<your address>:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=<submission token>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, for address https://backtrace.example.com, and token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for the address `https://backtrace.example.com` and token `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be `https://backtrace.example.com:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`.
```

> `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="uglify">

Pass `--source-map` as parameter to `uglifyjs`:

```bash

> > uglifyjs main.js -c -m --source-map -o main.min.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uglifyjs main.js -c -m --source-map -o main.min.js
```

> `https://backtrace.example.com:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Step 2. Configure @backtrace/javascript-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Configure @backtrace/javascript-cli
```

> ## General development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General Development
```

        "sourceMap": true
    },
    "include": ["./src"]
}
```

#### UglifyJS

Pass `--source-map` as parameter to `uglifyjs`:

```
$ uglifyjs main.js -c -m --source-map -o main.min.js
```

> ### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/javascript-cli`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/javascript-cli`
```

> Install `@backtrace/javascript-cli` as a dev dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install `@backtrace/javascript-cli` as a dev dependency:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/javascript-cli
```

> Add the following scripts to your `package.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following scripts to your `package.json` file:
```

```

Replace `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` with the path to the directory where your transpiled scripts are stored.

Replace `UPLOAD_OPTIONS` with `--url <your upload URL>`, obtained from [the symbol submission URL](#acquire-a-symbol-submission-token-and-url).

> #### Configuration File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration File
```

You can also use `npx` and skip adding the dependency:

```json
"scripts": {
  "backtrace:process": "npx --package @backtrace/javascript-cli backtrace-js process OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "backtrace:upload": "npx --package @backtrace/javascript-cli backtrace-js upload OUTPUT_DIRECTORY UPLOAD_OPTIONS"
}
```

> Make sure to replace `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` with path to the directory where your transpiled scripts are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to replace `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` with the path to the directory where your transpiled scripts are stored.
```

> Replace `UPLOAD_OPTIONS` with either `--subdomain <your subdomain> --token <your token>` or `--url <your upload URL>`, obtained from [here](#obtain-symbol-submission-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `UPLOAD_OPTIONS` with either `--subdomain <your subdomain> --token <your token>` or `--url <your upload URL>`, obtained from [the symbol submission URL](#obtaining-symbol-submission-url).
```

> #### Configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration File
```

> ### Step 3. Set Up Automatic Processing and Upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3: Set Up Automatic Processing and Upload
```

Instead of providing options in script argument lines, you can configure them in the `.backtraceclirc` configuration file:

```jsonc
{
  "path": "OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "upload": {
    "subdomain": "your subdomain",
    "token": "your token",
    // or
    "url": "your upload URL"
  }
}
```

> For more details consult `@backtrace/javascript-cli` README.

Reviewer: @perf2711 is there a link?

Author: Yeah, this should work as soon as we merge our stuff to the main branch:
https://github.com/backtrace-labs/backtrace-javascript/blob/main/tools/cli/README.md

Until then, this link will work as well (for the development version):
https://github.com/backtrace-labs/backtrace-javascript/blob/dev/tools/cli/README.md

> ### Step 3. Set up automatic processing and upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Set Up Automatic Processing and Upload
```

> To process and upload your artifacts, you need to first run `npm run backtrace:process`, and then `npm run backtrace:upload`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process and upload your artifacts, you must first run `npm run backtrace:process` and then `npm run backtrace:upload`.
```

<TabItem value="webpack">

If you're using Webpack as your project bundler, you can use `@backtrace/webpack-plugin` to automate working with sourcemaps.

> #### Step 1. Enable Source Maps for Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application
```

Set `devtool` to `source-map` in your `webpack.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  devtool: 'source-map',
  // other configuration
}
```

If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable source-mapping there as well.

> #### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/webpack-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/webpack-plugin`
```

  // other configuration
}
```

> If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), make sure to enable sourcemapping there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable `source-mapping` there as well.
```

> ### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/webpack-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/webpack-plugin`
```

> Install `@backtrace/webpack-plugin` as a dev dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install `@backtrace/webpack-plugin` as a developer dependency:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> > npm install --save-dev @backtrace/webpack-plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @backtrace/webpack-plugin
```

> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/webpack-plugin
```

> Add it to your `plugins` array in `webpack.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add it to your `plugins` array in `webpack.config.js`:
```

  // other configuration
  plugins: [new BacktracePlugin({
    // enable upload only on production builds
    uploadUrl: process.env.NODE_ENV === "production" ? "<your upload URL>" : undefined
  })]
}
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="rollup">

If you're using Rollup as your project bundler, you can use `@backtrace/rollup-plugin` to automate working with sourcemaps.

> #### Step 1. Enable Source Maps for Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application
```

Set `sourcemap` in `output` to `true` in your `rollup.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  output: {
    sourcemap: true
  }
}
```

If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable source-mapping there as well.

> #### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/rollup-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/rollup-plugin`
```

}
```

> If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), make sure to enable sourcemapping there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable source-mapping there as well.
```

> > npm install --save-dev @backtrace/rollup-plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @backtrace/rollup-plugin
```

> ### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/rollup-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/rollup-plugin`
```

> Install `@backtrace/rollup-plugin` as a dev dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install `@backtrace/rollup-plugin` as a devevloper dependency:
```

```
> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/rollup-plugin
```

> Add it to your `plugins` array in `rollup.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add it to your `plugins` array in `rollup.config.js`:
```

module.exports = {
  // other configuration
  plugins: [BacktracePlugin({
    // enable upload only on production builds
    uploadUrl: process.env.NODE_ENV === "production" ? "<your upload URL>" : undefined
  })]
}
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="vite">

If you're using Vite as your project bundler, you can use `@backtrace/vite-plugin` to automate working with sourcemaps.

> #### Step 1. Enable Source Maps for Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application
```

Set `sourcemap` in `output` to `true` in your `vite.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  build: {
    sourcemap: true
  }
}
```

If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable source-mapping there as well.

> #### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/vite-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/vite-plugin`
```

1. Install `@backtrace/vite-plugin` as a developer dependency:

```bash

> > npm install --save-dev @backtrace/vite-plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @backtrace/vite-plugin
```

> If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), make sure to enable sourcemapping there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable source-mapping there as well.
```

> ### Step 2. Set up `@backtrace/vite-plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/vite-plugin`
```

> Install `@backtrace/vite-plugin` as a dev dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install `@backtrace/vite-plugin` as a developer dependency:
```

```
> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/vite-plugin
```

> Add it to your `plugins` array in `vite.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add it to your `plugins` array in `vite.config.js`:
```

```js
import { BacktracePlugin } from '@backtrace/vite-plugin';
// or
const { BacktracePlugin } = require('@backtrace/vite-plugin');

module.exports = {
  // other configuration
  plugins: [BacktracePlugin({
    // enable upload only on production builds
    uploadUrl: process.env.NODE_ENV === "production" ? "<your upload URL>" : undefined
  })]
}
```

> ## Don't see your tool described here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Don't See Your Tool Described Here?
```

> We are adding support for most popular tools on a regular basis! You can always use `@backtrace/javascript-cli` - it works with any kind of output JS files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are adding support for the most popular tools regularly. You can always use `@backtrace/javascript-cli`; it works with any output JS files.
```

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The following steps guide you through configuring your JS application to automatically upload sourcemap files during the project build.

## What You'll Need

- A Backtrace account ([log in](https://backtrace.io/login) or sign up for a [free trial license](https://backtrace.io/sign-up)).
- Your subdomain name (used to connect to your Backtrace instance). For example, `https://example-subdomain.sp.backtrace.io`.

> - A Backtrace project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Backtrace project, an error submission token and a symbol submission token.
```

> - Error submission token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Symbol submission token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example, for the address `https://backtrace.example.com` and token `bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`, the URL will be `https://backtrace.example.com:6098//post?format=sourcemap&token=bebbbc8b2bdfac76ad803b03561b25a44039e892ffd3e0beeb71770d08e2c8a7`.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## General Development

### Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application

<Tabs
groupId="applications"
defaultValue="typescript"
values={[
{label: 'Typescript (tsc)', value: 'typescript'},
{label: 'UglifyJS', value: 'uglify'},
]}>

<TabItem value="typescript">

Set `sourceMap` in `compilerOptions` in your `tsconfig.json` to `true`. For example:

```jsonc
{
    "compilerOptions": {
        // other options
        "sourceMap": true
    },
    "include": ["./src"]
}
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="uglify">

Pass `--source-map` as parameter to `uglifyjs`:

```
$ uglifyjs main.js -c -m --source-map -o main.min.js
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/javascript-cli`

1. Install `@backtrace/javascript-cli` as a dev dependency:

```bash

> > npm install --save-dev @backtrace/javascript-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @backtrace/javascript-cli
```

#### Configuration File

Instead of providing options in script argument lines, you can configure them in the `.backtraceclirc` configuration file:

```jsonc
{
  "path": "OUTPUT_DIRECTORY",
  "upload": {
    "subdomain": "your subdomain",
    "token": "your token",
    // or
    "url": "your upload URL"
  }
}
```

For more details consult `@backtrace/javascript-cli` README.

### Step 3: Set Up Automatic Processing and Upload

To process and upload your artifacts, you must first run `npm run backtrace:process` and then `npm run backtrace:upload`.

To ensure that this is done automatically, you can add these commands to your production script:
```json
"scripts": {
  "build": "my current build command && npm run backtrace:process && npm run backtrace:upload"
}
```
## Project Bundler

<Tabs
groupId="project-bundler"
defaultValue="webpack"
values={[
{label: 'Webpack', value: 'webpack'},
{label: 'Rollup', value: 'rollup'},
{label: 'Vite', value: 'vite'},
]}>

<TabItem value="webpack">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" --location \

> --request GET 'https://api.us-west-1.saucelabs.com/api-testing/rest/v4/<hookId>' | json_pp

Reviewer 2: @perf2711 - Are these lines part of the webpack tab? Or are they generic to all bundlers?

```

</TabItem>

If you're using Webpack as your project bundler, you can use `@backtrace/webpack-plugin` to automate working with sourcemaps.

### Step 1: Enable Source Maps for Your Application

Set `devtool` to `source-map` in your `webpack.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  devtool: 'source-map',
  // other configuration
}
```

If you're using code transpiler plugins (such as Typescript), ensure to enable `source-mapping` there as well.

### Step 2: Set up `@backtrace/webpack-plugin`

1. Install `@backtrace/webpack-plugin` as a developer dependency:

```bash
> npm install --save-dev @backtrace/webpack-plugin
```

2. Add it to your `plugins` array in `webpack.config.js`:

```js
import { BacktracePlugin } from '@backtrace/webpack-plugin';
// or
const { BacktracePlugin } = require('@backtrace/webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
  // other configuration
  plugins: [new BacktracePlugin({
    // enable upload only on production builds
    uploadUrl: process.env.NODE_ENV === "production" ? "<your upload URL>" : undefined
  })]
}
```

> </Tabs>

Reviewer 2: This </Tabs> should be after TabItem vite.
